On first load, show faq
	Commented-out code on the background script

Fix min/max zoom

Try to figure out where you are if you zoom out/in too much (maybe change the bg color of the actual graph?) - add a black outline around graph?

Look into adding related domains to the expanded cookie cell in the webapp

PAPER - are we leaving this until after presentations?

When you select multiple rows in table: can't happen unless first selection is expanded
	Can we change this?

loading quickly
	either fewer cookies
	asynchronous calls
		maybe???
	optimizing code??
	multiple graphs ie most recent, third party connections only

display more info about cookies in table
	on click! - sort of done! (Works, but needs a little work)

delete all button only deletes visible cookies
	when searching -done
restructuring
parsing http headers?? -done
zombie cookies?
	can we even identify them
    -- no

Popover text for things that may not be intuitive. WTF - What's this feature?

PRESENTATION
Should we.... make a google presentation? Prezi? Thoughts?

POPUP
	* Do we want the table to only show related cookies to your current page?
		or possibly most recent cookies/ something else
	* css - change font color to match table in web app, fonts to dark grey
	* what info do we want included?
	filters
		only relevant(how is that defined?) cookies

FAQ
Change on clicked color of titles

cutting domains down -done
	fix-- Could have problem if main domains have the same cookie name ie .google.com and google.com both having _utma 

PAPER!!!!
	zombie cookies are interesting
	Focus on educational aspect of the app
	"What's this feature?" - able to turn off
	Tutorial mode?
	Cookie trail?
	Look in http headers with host/referrer stuff

More usability testing!
	* Ask about user knowledge about cookies before
	* Have them delete a cookie from the table
	* Look at FAQ - FIND OUT IF MORE NEEDS TO BE ADDED
	* Search for something on the graph/table
	* Do they know they can expand the cookies in the table?
	* Was the app functional? intuitive? easily navigable? 
	* How did using the app feel? 
	* Thoughts on navigability, aesthetic 


PROBLEMS:
If a cookie cannot be deleted, do we want a notification to alert the user?
